# DormEase A Comprehensive Digital Solution for SRH Heidelberg's BS13 Community

- The BS13 dormitory at SRH Hochschule Heidelberg is a student residential community that currently relies on outdated manual methods for everyday activities and operations. The master's thesis is aimed at delivering an IT solution by creating a web-based application called DormEase to replace these traditional methods of carrying out daily operations and activities.
- Dorm Ease is a user-friendly web-based application that aims to bridge the digital gap with an efficient backend which is also graphical user interface (GUI) focused, dependable, and more efficient than current solutions.
- The application was developed according to the traditional three-tier architecture, with the interactive front end built with HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, and embedded JavaScript, and the backend built with Node.js and Express.js to create a RESTful API for data delivery and communication between the frontend and the server.
- MongoDB is used to store and manage data, and Mongoose is used to facilitate interaction with the MongoDB database.
- The features presented in the prototype allow residents to perform their everyday operations with a few clicks rather than physically going to places to complete their activities. As a result, the students save time and effort.
- One of the features included also supports sustainability by decreasing and reusing products the residents no longer need. The application directly or indirectly contributes to the enhancement of their lifestyle.
- It is about people and their needs, not simply technology. We understood the experiences of the BS13 community, listening to their concerns and challenges. With compassion as our guide, we created a prototype that focuses on tackling the difficulties of the residents of the BS13 Dormitory.
